**_Classification Algortihms_**

Our aim in this project was to classify the testcases in appropriate MITRE techniques. The total class
count for techniques is 552(may vary in future), the unique techniques identified under MITRE. Finding
the correct ML model to solve this problem we tried classificaton algorithms like- NaiveBayes, Support Vectors and Random Forests.

\*Support Vectors-Support vector machines is an algorithm that determines the best decision boundary between vectors that belong to a given group
(or category) and vectors that do not belong to it.
Support vector machine (SVM) is a powerful technique for data classification. Despite of its good theoretic foundations and high classification accuracy,
normal SVM is not suitable for classification of large data sets, because the training complexity of SVM is highly dependent on the size of data set.

\*Random Forest Classifier-Random Forest is a classifier that contains a number of decision trees on various subsets of the given dataset and takes the average to improve the predictive accuracy of that dataset." Instead of relying on one decision tree,
the random forest takes the prediction from each tree and based on the majority votes of predictions, and it predicts the final output.
The greater number of trees in the forest leads to higher accuracy and prevents the problem of overfitting.
Performance of the standard algorithm is not great on imbalanced classification problems like the one we are handling
here with 552 classes.

\*NaiveBayes-Naive Bayes classifiers are a collection of classification algorithms based on Bayes’ Theorem.
It is not a single algorithm but a family of algorithms where all of them share a common principle,
i.e. every pair of features being classified is independent of each other.

https://www.mygreatlearning.com/blog/introduction-to-naive-bayes/

better results using mulitnomialn nb, shown in metrics.

To improve the accuracy of predictions made we use

Why stratified sampling?
https://www.baeldung.com/cs/ml-stratified-sampling

We cannot use leave one out as dataset is too large and would be computationally costly.
